[MLOBS] Update IO in API docs (#24693)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/setup/api.md

#### IO
| Field   | Type   | Description  |
|---------|--------|--------------|

> | value   | string | Input or output value. If not set, this value will be inferred from messages or documents. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value   | string | Input or output value. If not set, this value is inferred from messages or documents. |
```

> | messages| [[Message](#message)] | List of messages. This should only be used for LLM spans. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| messages| [Message](#message) | List of messages. This should only be used for LLM spans. |
```

> | documents| [[Document](#document)] | List of documents. This should only be used as the output for retrieval spans |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| documents| [Document](#document) | List of documents. This should only be used as the output for retrieval spans |
```
